Jupyter Documentation replaced by RST (#676)
probabilistic-numerics/probnum: docs/source/development/adding_to_the_api_documentation.rst

Adding to the API Documentation
===============================

Documentation is an integral part of every collaborative software
project. Good documentation not only encourages users of the package to
try out different functionalities, but it also makes maintaining and
expanding code significantly easier. Every code contribution to the
package must come with appropriate documentation of the API. This guide
details how to do this.

Docstrings
----------

The main form of documentation are docstrings, multi-line comments
beneath a class or function definition with a specific syntax, which
detail its functionality. This package uses the `NumPy docstring
format <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html#numpydoc-docstring-guide%3E>`__.
As a rule, all functions which are exposed to the user *must* have
appropriate docstrings. Below is an example of a docstring for a
probabilistic numerical method 

> named ``problinsolve`` defined in ``_problinsolve.py`` under ``linalg`` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
named ``problinsolve`` defined in ``_problinsolve.py`` in the ``linalg`` subpackage.
```

.. literalinclude:: ../../../src/probnum/linalg/_problinsolve.py
   :lines: 1-163

**General Rules**

-  Cover ``Parameters``, ``Returns``, ``Raises`` and ``Examples``, if
   applicable, in every publicly visible docstring—in that order.
-  Examples are tested via doctest. Ensure ``doctest`` does not fail by
   running the test suite.
-  Include appropriate ``References``, in particular for probabilistic
   numerical methods.
-  Do not use docstrings as a clutch for spaghetti code!

**Parameters**

-  Parameter types are automatically documented via type hints in the
   function signature.
-  Always provide shape hints for objects with a ``.shape`` attribute in
   the following form:

.. code:: python

   """
   Parameters
   ----------

>    arr :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   arr
```

   confusion.

Interface Documentation
-----------------------

Which functions and classes actually show up in the documentation is
determined by an ``__all__`` statement in the corresponding
``__init__.py`` file inside a module. The order of this list is also
reflected in the documentation. For example, ``linalg`` has the
following ``__init__.py``:

.. literalinclude:: ../../../src/probnum/linalg/__init__.py

If you are documenting a subclass, which has a different path in the
file structure than the import path due to ``__all__`` statements, you
can correct the links to superclasses in the documentation via the
``.__module__`` attribute.

Sphinx
------

ProbNum uses `Sphinx <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`__ to parse
docstrings in the codebase automatically and to create its API
documentation. You can configure Sphinx itself or its extensions in the
``./docs/conf.py`` file.

.. code:: ipython3

    from IPython.display import Image
    
    display(Image(filename="../assets/img/developer_guides/sphinx_logo.png", embed=True))

.. image:: ../assets/img/developer_guides/sphinx_logo.png

ProbNum makes use of a number of Sphinx plugins to improve the API

> documentation, for example to parse this Jupyter notebook. The full list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation, for example to parse Jupyter notebooks. The full list
```

Adding to the API Documentation
===============================

Documentation is an integral part of every collaborative software
project. Good documentation not only encourages users of the package to
try out different functionalities, but it also makes maintaining and
expanding code significantly easier. Every code contribution to the
package must come with appropriate documentation of the API. This guide
details how to do this.

Docstrings
----------

The main form of documentation are docstrings, multi-line comments
beneath a class or function definition with a specific syntax, which
detail its functionality. This package uses the `NumPy docstring
format <https://numpydoc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/format.html#numpydoc-docstring-guide%3E>`__.
As a rule, all functions which are exposed to the user *must* have
appropriate docstrings. Below is an example of a docstring for a
probabilistic numerical method.

.. code:: ipython3

>     # %load -r 1-163 ../../../src/probnum/linalg/_problinsolve.py

Reviewer: Here instead of `code` the directive `literalinclude` should allow the same functionality as the `%load` statement which imports the lines `1-163` from the corresponding file.

Author: During Jupyter notebook to RST conversion, `literalinclude` replaces `%load` command in the commit https://github.com/probabilistic-numerics/probnum/pull/676/commits/42d0f74d5cc3826c3f97e96f37d3512c8508e703.
